Issue #2972 type filter on system history plus new resource history interaction (#3128)
IBM/FHIR: docs/src/pages/Conformance.md

## FHIR HTTP API
The HL7 FHIR specification is more than just a data format. It defines an [HTTP API](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/R4/http.html) for creating, reading, updating, deleting, and searching over FHIR resources. The IBM FHIR Server implements the full API for every resource defined in the specification, with the following exceptions:

> * history is not supported at the resource-type level (only the resource instance level and the whole-system level)

Reviewer: 🙌 yay!

    curl -k -u '<username>:<password>' 'https://<host>:<port>/fhir-server/api/v4/_history'
```

> The response is a history bundle as described by the [FHIR specification](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/http.html#history) with one exception. Whereas the specification requires each entry in the history bundle to contain the full contents of the resource (at least for entries with a `entry.request.method` of PUT or POST), clients can specify the HTTP header value `Prefer: return=none` in which case the whole-system history response bundle contains only references to the resources. This allows clients to decide which resources they actually need to read.

Reviewer: should this say `return=minimal` instead of `return=none` or were you trying to introduce a new value?

Author: fixed

There are three traversal paths through the data which are requested using the `_sort` request parameter:

1. `_sort=-_lastUpdated` [Default] Decreasing time - most recent changes first
2. `_sort=_lastUpdated` Increasing time - oldest changes first
3. `_sort=none` Increasing id order - oldest changes first

> Option 1 is useful for users interested in finding the most recent changes that have been applied to the server. Option 2 is useful for system-to-system synchronization because it represents the change history of the server. Option 3 is also useful for system-to-system synchronization cases, and benefits guaranteeing uniqueness in the resources being returned when following the `next` links.

Reviewer: minor wording suggestion 
```suggestion
Option 1 is useful for users interested in finding the most recent changes that have been applied to the server. Option 2 is useful for system-to-system synchronization because it represents the change history of the server. Option 3 is also useful for system-to-system synchronization cases guarantees uniqueness across pages when following the `next` links (as opposed to option 2 which may repeat entries at the time window boundary).
```

Author: good

To return all changes that have occurred since a known point in time, use both `_since` and `_sort=_lastUpdated` query parameters:

```
    curl -k -u '<username>:<password>' 'https://<host>:<port>/fhir-server/api/v4/_history?_since=2021-02-21T00:00:00Z&_sort=_lastUpdated'
```

To return all changes that have occurred before a known point in time, use `_before` and `_sort=-_lastUpdated` query parameters:

```
    curl -k -u '<username>:<password>' 'https://<host>:<port>/fhir-server/api/v4/_history?_before=2021-02-21T00:00:00Z&_sort=-_lastUpdated'
```

To return changes within a known window of time, specify both the `_since` and `_before` query parameters and choose either ascending or descending sort. 

When sorting with ascending time, the `_since` parameter in the `next` link is calculated to fetch the next page of resources and the `_before` parameter (if given) remains constant. When sorting with descending time, the `_before` parameter in the `next` link is calculated to fetch the next page of resources and the `_since` parameter (if given) remains constant.

> When sorting using ascending or descending time, the `next` link also includes a value for `_lastChangeId`. This value is used to exclude this resource change record from the next result page. This is required because multiple resources may share the same `_lastUpdated` time, so filters for `_since` and `_before` must always be inclusive which can lead to duplicates across result page boundaries.

Reviewer: `_lastChangeId` felt a bit ambiguous to me because I felt it could be interpretted as "the last change id that the client would like to receive in their request" whereas it actually is "the last change id the client received in the previous request"

Robin and I brainstormed  alternative names:

- _lastChangeIdReveived
- _pagingRef
- _pagingMarker
- _pageMarker
- _pageMark
- _changeIdMarker
- _changeIdMark
- _idMark
- _mark

We finally settled on `_changeIdMarker`

Author: done
